---
title: Contentlayer CLI
---

The Contentlayer CLI enables you to transform you content into data.

## Usage

    contentlayer <command>

To get a list of all commands, you can run `contentlayer` with the `--help` flag:

    contentlayer --help

Which will produce an output that looks like this:

    ━━━ Contentlayer CLI - 0.0.34 ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

      $ contentlayer <command>

    ━━━ General commands ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━

      contentlayer build [-c,--config #0] [--clearCache] [--verbose]
        Transforms your content into static data

      contentlayer dev [-c,--config #0] [--clearCache] [--verbose]
        Same as "contentlayer build" but with watch mode

    You can also print more details about any of these commands by calling them
    with the `-h,--help` flag right after the command name.

## Build

    contentlayer build [options]

Transforms content into data objects that your pages and components can consume. These objects are written to files in the `node_modules/.contentlayer` directory.

## Dev

    contentlayer build [options]

Runs a build, then listens for changes to your content files, rebuilding after each change.

## Options

The following options are available to run with each command.

### `config` (alias: `-c`)

Use a custom config file path. Both `contentlayer.config.ts` and `contentlayer.config.js` work by default.

### `clearCache`

Clears the `node_modules/.contentlayer` directory before running the specified command.

### `verbose`

Adds more detailed output when running a command.

### `help`

Generates usage instructions and options for the CLI. Does not require an associated command.
